 
 FIRST LAST Bay Area, California • +l-234-456-789 • professionalemail@resumeworded.com • linkedin.comiiniusername 
SUMMARY 
Big Data Engineer with twelve years of experience designing and executing solutions for complex business problems. Migrated local infrastructures to AWS, using [Skill 1] and [Skill 2]. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Resume Worded, New York, NY Jun 2020 — Present Quality Engineer • Attained 25% growth in revenue and customers over the last two years by analyzing business needs, collaborating with stakeholders, and designing a new data warehouse. • Led 10 data extraction, warehousing, and analytics initiatives that reduced operating costs by 20% and created customized programming options. • Designed and developed a Big Data analytics platform for processing customer viewing preferences and social media comments using Java, Hive, and Hadoop. • Integrated Hadoop into traditional ETL, accelerating the extraction, transformation, and loading of structured and unstructured data. 
Growthsi, New York, NY Jan 2016 — May 2020 Quality Engineer • Worked closely with 15 teams across the company to identify and solve business challenges utilizing large structured and unstructured data in a distributed processing environment. • Developed a new pricing strategy that boosted margins by 4 percent. • Automated ETL processes across millions of rows ofdata which reduced manual workload by 25% monthly. 
Third Company, San Diego, CA May 2008 — Dec 2014 Business Analyst • Built basic ETL that ingested transactional and event data from a web app with 5,000 daily active users that saved over $40,001) annually in external vendor costs. • Utilized Spark in Python to distribute data processing on large streaming datasets to improve ingestion and processing of that data by 65%. • Worked with clients to understand business needs and convert those needs into actionable reports in Tableau saving 10 hours of manual work each week. 
EDUCATION 
Resume Worded University, San Francisco, CA B.S. in Business Management, Minor in Data Analytics • Awards: Resume Worded Teaching Fellow (only 5 awarded to class), Dean's List 2012 (Top 10%) • Completed one-year study abroad with Singapore University 
SKILLS & OTHER 
May 2008 
Skills: Modeling and Design, Data Analytics, Big Data Processing, Amazon Web Services, Statistical Modeling, Hive, Hadoop, ETL, Java Volunteering: Volunteer 20 hours/month at the AFC; foundation, leading pro-bono city projects (3 month tenure) Projects: Built forecasting using parameters, trend lines, and reference lines which saved 30 hours/week 

