FIRST LAST Bay Area, California • +1-234-456-789 • professionalernail©resumeworded.corn • linkedin corn/in/username 
Data Engineer with five years of experience deploying and maintaining network infrastructures. Strong track record of accurately conducting system improvement and enhancing sales growth. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Resume Worded, New York, NY 2020 - Present Data Engineer • Conducted security assessments and made recommendations for disaster recovery, network appliances, remote access, servers, and directory services security. • Identified means to reduce and control expenses by conducting cost, schedule, and contract performance analysis, and improving resource allocation by 20%. • Designed the data pipeline architecture for a new product that quickly scaled from 0 to 100,000 daily active users. • Led a team of two full-time employees and two contractors. • Ingested data from data sources using a combination of SQL, Google Analytics API, and Salesforce API using Python to create data views to be used in Bi tools. 
Growthsi, San Diego, CA 2016 -2020 Big Data Analyst • Collected, cleansed, and provided modeling and analyses of structured and unstructured data used for business initiatives which resulted in $1M annual savings. • Created impactful dashboards in Excel and Tableau for data reporting. Extracted, interpreted, and analyzed data to identify key metrics and transform data into meaningful, actionable information. • Designed and built statistical analysis models on large data sets that helped increase online sales up to 10% per product. • Tip to jobseeker Bullet points should be in format [Action Verb] [Accomplishment] [Metric]; e.g. Developed x that led to y% improvement 
Rofocus, New York, NY 2012 - 2016 Junior Data Analyst • Assisted data scientists with analysis that increased sales performance by 20%. • Spearheaded in-depth analysis of stockroom analysis of stockroom operations that lead to a 15% decrease in operating costs. • Worked closely with operations to identify customer needs and demands. • Tip to jobseeker: Bullet points should be in format [Action Verb] [Accomplishment] [Metric]; e.g. Developed x that led to y% improvement 
EDUCATION 
Resume Worded University, San Francisco, CA 2012 Bachelor of Electrical Engineering • Awards: Resume Worded Teaching Fellow (only 5 awarded to class), Dean's List 2012 (Top 10%) • Completed one-year study abroad with Singapore University 
SKILLS & OTHER 
Skills: Python, Google Analytics, Networking protocol , IP address structure, Tableau, Routing protocol, Network security systems, Salesforce Volunteering: Volunteer 20 hours/month at the ABC foundation, leading pro-bono city projects 
