  First Last AWS Data Engineer Bay Area, California • +1-234-456-789 • professionalemail@resumeworded.com • linked in.com/in/username 
AWS Data Engineer with 11 years of experience in distributed computing, data mining, and machine learning. Developed and managed custom software that uses Al to automatically deliver product and alternative product recommendations to 5000+ customers daily. 
RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE 
Resume Worded, New York, NY 2015 — Present AWS Data Engineer (2017 — Present) • Utilized strong managerial skills and experience to negotiate with vendors and coordinate tasks with a 25-person IT team. • Implemented best practice processes and created cloud functions, applications, and databases that have improved data accuracy for decision-making by 35%. • Performed end-to-end architecture and implementation assessments of numerous AWS services (including Amazon Elastic Ma pReduce and Amazon Simple Storage Service) for 25+ clients. 
AWS Data Engineer (2015 — 2017) • Designed a dashboard for the systems and operations department to provide transparency of customer data to drive deliverables, the tool is used by 350+ staff members and decision-makers. ▪ Trained and mentored 20+ extract, transform and load (ETL) and report designers and developers which resulted in staff retention of 35% in 2016. 
Growthsi, San Francisco, CA 2013 — 2015 AWS Data Engineer • Developed a key data pipeline to process over 500 TB of data by consolidating data from multiple disparate sources into a single destination, enabling quick data analysis for reliable business insights. • Delivered 50+ Big Data requests to increase data correctness, quality, and completeness, thereby allowing decisions made from Big Data analysis to occur faster. • Collaborated with 25+ global technology professionals including product and data science teams on multiple projects including idea generation, implementation, testing, and success measurement. 
Resume Worded Exciting Company, San Francisco, CA 2011 — 2013 AWS Data Engineer • Drafted, updated, and shared 15 functional and technical specification documents stipulating the database purpose requirements. • Created and managed 200+ user-profiles and different levels of accessibility according to best practices for each database segment to protect sensitive data. 
EDUCATION 
Resume Worded University, New York, NY Bachelor of Engineering — Systems Design SKILLS Technical Skills: AWS Kinesis (Advanced), DynamoDB (Experienced), AWS Lambda, Redshift Spectrum Languages: English (Native), Czech (Fluent), Russian (Conversational) 
