Robert Smith 
Software Developer (Consultant)
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Software Developer with 7+ years of experience in all phases of Software 
Development Life Cycle, which includes Analysis, Design, Development, 
T esting, Implementation, and Support. Experience in design and 
implementation of client/server and web applications using J2EE (EJB, 
Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JDBC) and XML technologies (XML and XML Schema). 
Experience in designing and developing solutions using the MVC 
Architecture with Spring. 
WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Developer (Consultant)
ABC Corporation -   September 2013 – Present 
Responsibilities:
Mainly focused on working closely with analysis and r&amp;d team.
Full stack development with spring MVC as front end and hibernate as 
ORM.
Implementing auth2 for user authentication purpose to implement 
security.
Implementing the hibernate framework using Dao, POJO classes for all 
the modules of the applications such as products, service, and 
customer.
Developing different GUI screens using JSPs, HTML, DHTML, Ajax, and 
CSS to design the pages according to client experience workbench 
standards.
Working on restful web services to enforce a stateless client-server and 
support JSON few changes from soap to restful technology used ajax 
and JSON to send a request to the server and updating GUI pages.
Using javascript and Ajax features for populating the end results in web 
pages dynamically and for auto-completion and validation of the user 
entered data in the forms.
Software Developer
ABC Corporation -   May 2012 – August 2013 
Responsibilities:
Registered NGO managed by Salesians of Don Bosco, part of 
international don Bosco society headquartered in Rome, Italy, and 
dedicated to promoting the education of young people in Kathmandu 
valley and Nepals outback.
Responsibilities Involved in analysis, design, coding, and unit testing of 
the project.
Used Eclipse aside, tomcat as a web server and BEA WebLogic as an 
application server to develop and deploy the application.
Developed different GUI screens using JSP, HTML, DHTML, Ajax, and CSS
to design the pages according to client experience workbench 
standards.
Used spring framework to develop the application and design the 
application flow.
© This Free Resume Template  is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage GuidelinesCONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, 
Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com 
www.qwikresume.com
SKILLS
Database Management 
Programming 
Languages: Java, C, C#, 
PHP, Python Big Data 
T echnologies: Apache 
Hadoop, MapReduce, 
Cascading, HP Vertica, 
Apache Spark, Sqoop, 
Hive, HBase, Oozie, Pig 
Frameworks: Spring 
MVC, Hibernate, Spring 
Data JPA, JSF1.1/1.2, JSP 
And Servlets Databases: 
MS-SQL, Oracle IDE: MS 
Visual Studio 2013, 
IntelliJ Idea, Eclipse, STS,
Dreamweaver, 
NetBeans, and 
Platforms: Windows 
7,8,10 / Ubuntu 13.10 
UIT esting. 
LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS
Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading
REFERENCES
Reference – 1 (Company 
Name)
Reference – 2 (Company 
Name)