Robert Smith
Software Developer ­ InternPhone  (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website : www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
One year of experience as a Software Developer. A full stack Agile developer with a strong record 
of excellent teamwork. Enthusiastic in continuous learning and proactive in taking up the tasks. 
SKILLS
Java, HTML, JavaScript, SQL And Shell Scripting. T echnologies: J2SE/J2EE, JUnit, XML, JSON, SQL, 
Web Services, JMS, Maven, LDAP, Hibernate, Struts and Spring, Big Data Analysis Using Hadoop. 
WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Developer - Intern
ABC Corporation ­ May 2015 – December 2015  
Responsible for end-to-end delivery of the enhancements including functional description, 
installation instructions and release notes for the product.
Used agile methodology and participated actively in the scrum calls and retrospection 
meetings.
Developed interfaces with external systems using java/j2ee technologies such as restful web 
service and spring.
Ensured high-quality code by using pair programming and reviewing approach.
Used test-driven approach and wrote JUnit test cases using Mockito and Jmockit.
Used soap UI tool and various simulators like wire-mock and node js for testing in 
development environments.
Developed functional test cases and supported the functional testing and integration testing 
in the lab environments.
Software Developer
ABC Corporation ­ January 2015 – May 2015  
Project on device provisioning work location tidal park, Chennai, India description on-device 
provisioning is an ericssons solution developed for t-mobile networks with the purpose of 
providing the following services to the subscribers account registration and activation 
including plan selection, payment option registration.
Account management including new device additions, payment option management, and 
general account management.
The solution offers a portal for management of the registration, activation, and management 
of the subscriber account.
Roles and responsibilities responsible for end-to-end delivery of the enhancements including 
functional description, installation instructions, release notes for the product.
Worked as an agile developer and ensured high-quality code by using pair programming 
approach.
Developed customer adaptations using restful web services and spring framework.
Extensively worked on the Linux environments in setting up servers and other configuration 
tools.
EDUCATION
© This Free Resume Template  is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines