Software Developer II
ROBERT SMITHPhone: (123) 456 78 99 
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.
Objective
7+ years of experience as a Software Developer, expertise in application design, development, 
deployment, implementation, testing and maintenance of Enterprise and Web applications. 
Extensive SDLC experience including requirement analysis, design, coding, application 
implementation, unit testing, system testing, documentation and production support. 
Skills
Core Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, Struts 2, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, JPA Web/Application Servers 
JBoss, T omcat, Glassfish Web Presentation JSP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, Struts Tiles Databases
Oracle 10i, 11g, Cassandra, SQL Server, HSQL T ools Eclipse, Netbeans, T oad, Gems For JMS 
Frameworks JSP, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, JPA Operating Systems Unix, Linux, Windows, Mac OS 
Domains Investment, Finance, Retail, Marketing. 
Work Experience
Software Developer II
ABC Corporation  ­ August 2015 – Present  
NJ managerial controls/ observation hub managerial controls is an application that helps 
managers of a team monitor their clients to make sure they interacted within a timely 
manner.
Observation hub is an application where positive or anomalous observations of various teams 
are recorded.
Direct interaction with the different team managers to document their needs and 
requirements for the application.
Implementing and designing the technical architecture of the application based on the 
requirements.
Interacting with teams in London and Bangalore during the UAT testing of the application.
Performing log mining as a part of production support for troubleshooting any technical issue 
in the production.
Assisted in coordination of internal qa testing, and external user acceptance testing.
Software Developer
ABC Corporation  ­ June 2012 – August 2015  
Agility harmony is the new email marketing platform built from scratch to replace epsilons 
legacy software dream and dream mail.
The target of this software is to create an email campaign to send billions of emails on the 
behalf of its client such as chase, Citi bank, Macys, toys r us, Marriott, etc.
This software also keeps track of the reporting metrics such as the number of emails 
delivered, clicked, opened and link redirects for billing the clients.
Responsible for implementing new feature/functionality based on requirements provided by 
the product owners.
As per the agile software development methodology, I was responsible for tasking out user 
stories and maintained the burndown chart and kept track of iteration.
© This Free Resume Template  is the copyright of Qwikresume.com . Usage
Guidelines